{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red226\green228\blue230;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c91014\c91410\c92133;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Requirements (recommended):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}bash 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 3.2.57
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}R 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 3.6.2
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}python 3.8.6\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs22 \cf3 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}macOS 10.14.6\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}kernel: 
\f2\fs22 \cf3 Darwin 18.7.0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}CPU >= 1.8 GHZ, Cores >= 2\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}RAM >= 8 Gb\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}HDD >= 128 Gb\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
This project has not been tested outside of this environment described in requirements but it should also work in other versions of Mac, Linux, bash, python3, R and realistically about any other hardware setup (the hardware requirements are extremely minimal). Though we do not necessarily support windows at the moment, if you wanted to run this on windows WSL should be able to do it since that is essentially linux and easily accessible from a standard windows environment.\
\
This project is based largely in R so it is recommended that if want to inspect/modify the code you do so in Rstudio. However it is extremely simple to run the project itself and recreate the results! All you need to do is run `. main.sh` from a bash terminal. This will install all the needed packages, create all of the relevant figures, and output all of the relevant text (among other text generated by R packages etc\'85). The plots will be in the local directory.\
\
write_vocab_data.py is essentially the \'91main.py\'92 file. This will save the vocab embedding matrix and word lexicon to logs, as well as create the \'91true \'97> soft names plot\'92 (saved to logs). For our purposes \'91logs\'92 means any output data created by our programs, whereas \'91data\'92 means any data directly downloaded from the internet. Even though in practice some of the data in logs is actually directly derivative of data imported from the internet.\
\

\f3\b NOTE ABOUT CORRUPT R PACKAGES:
\f0\b0 \
You may experience errors loading the required R packages if your packages are corrupt. To solve this run `remove.packages(
\f1\fs26 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
rownames(installed.packages()))` in R. Then the required packages will automatically be reinstalled.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\f3\b Notes about make_survey.R
\f0\b0 :\
You can set interactive=T in the call `do_name_survey(interp_vocab_emb, lexicon, n_centers=1, interactive=F, use_definitions=T, n_questions = 27)` to get an interactive version of the survey that can be used more easily by an individual (i.e. for demo rather than dissemination purposes).\
\
That is:\
```r\
do_name_survey(interp_vocab_emb, lexicon, n_centers=1, interactive=F, use_definitions=T, n_questions = 27)\
```\
\
Also note that you can remove the `n_questions=27` argument. That was used due to arbitrary budget constraints on survey software platform we were using. But it is left there to conform to the actual specifications of the survey that was used.}